Add conda documentation to the README. (#1581)
NVIDIA/cccl: README.md

nvcc -Icccl/thrust -Icccl/libcudacxx/include -Icccl/cub main.cu -o main
```
> **Note**
> Use `-I` and not `-isystem` to avoid collisions with the CCCL headers implicitly included by `nvcc` from the CUDA Toolkit. All CCCL headers use `#pragma system_header` to ensure warnings will still be silenced as if using `-isystem`, see https://github.com/NVIDIA/cccl/issues/527 for more information.

#### Conda

CCCL also provides conda packages of each release via the `conda-forge` channel:

```bash
conda install -c conda-forge cccl
```

This will install CCCL to the conda environment's `include/` and `lib/cmake/` directories.
It is discoverable by CMake via `find_package(CCCL)` and can be used by any compilers in the conda environment.

> **Note**
> There are also conda packages with names like `cuda-cccl`.
> Those packages contain the CCCL versions shipped as part of the CUDA Toolkit, but are designed for internal use by the CUDA Toolkit.

> > Use `cccl` for the latest versions and compatibility with conda compilers.

Author: Oops. This is not quite correct. We made some adjustments to the CUDA Toolkit packaging. I'll update those recipes before opening this PR for review.

Author: xref: https://github.com/conda-forge/cuda-cccl-feedstock/pull/7

Author: This is now complete. Resolving.

> > Use `cccl` for the latest versions and compatibility with CMake and host compilers.

Author: ```suggestion
> Use `cccl` for the latest versions and compatibility with conda compilers.
```

nvcc -Icccl/thrust -Icccl/libcudacxx/include -Icccl/cub main.cu -o main
```
> **Note**
> Use `-I` and not `-isystem` to avoid collisions with the CCCL headers implicitly included by `nvcc` from the CUDA Toolkit. All CCCL headers use `#pragma system_header` to ensure warnings will still be silenced as if using `-isystem`, see https://github.com/NVIDIA/cccl/issues/527 for more information.

#### Conda

CCCL also provides conda packages of each release via the `conda-forge` channel:

```bash

> conda install -c conda-forge cccl

Reviewer: This will possibly cause problems if someone doesn't have `conda-forge` in their channel list and execute a subsequent installation command using only `defaults` for example.

Maybe we could link off to something stating to make sure you have conda-forge in your channel list?

Author: I’m not familiar with any documentation about that. I have always seen conda installation commands list the channel like this. Is there a canonical reference you would suggest? Or should we just show the command like `conda config --add channels conda-forge` before `conda install cccl`?

Reviewer: This is a link from conda-forge's docs: https://conda-forge.org/docs/user/introduction/#how-can-i-install-packages-from-conda-forge

It has exactly what you wrote 😄

Author: Nice! I made this update in 368a9df11a2185ce2465b9adcdd5aa8318948188.

```

This will install the latest CCCL to the conda environment's `include/` and `lib/cmake/` directories.
It is discoverable by CMake via `find_package(CCCL)` and can be used by any compilers in the conda environment.

If you want to use the same CCCL version that shipped with a particular CUDA Toolkit, e.g. CUDA 12.4, you can install CCCL with:

```bash
conda install -c conda-forge cuda-cccl cuda-version=12.4
```

The `cuda-cccl` metapackage installs the `cccl` version that shipped with the CUDA Toolkit corresponding to `cuda-version`.
If you wish to update to the latest `cccl` after installing `cuda-cccl`, uninstall `cuda-cccl` before updating `cccl`:

```bash
conda uninstall cuda-cccl
conda install -c conda-forge cccl
```

> **Note**
> There are also conda packages with names like `cuda-cccl_linux-64`.
> Those packages contain the CCCL versions shipped as part of the CUDA Toolkit, but are designed for internal use by the CUDA Toolkit.
> Install `cccl` or `cuda-cccl` instead, for compatibility with conda compilers.

> > See the [cccl conda-forge recipe](https://github.com/conda-forge/cccl-feedstock/blob/main/recipe/meta.yaml) for more information.

Reviewer: Is it worth mentioning use for cross compilation? Not sure if that would be widely applicable enough for the CCCL audience.

nvcc -Icccl/thrust -Icccl/libcudacxx/include -Icccl/cub main.cu -o main
```
> **Note**
> Use `-I` and not `-isystem` to avoid collisions with the CCCL headers implicitly included by `nvcc` from the CUDA Toolkit. All CCCL headers use `#pragma system_header` to ensure warnings will still be silenced as if using `-isystem`, see https://github.com/NVIDIA/cccl/issues/527 for more information.

#### Conda

CCCL also provides conda packages of each release via the `conda-forge` channel:

```bash
conda config --add channels conda-forge
conda install cccl
```

> This will install the latest CCCL to the conda environment's `include/` and `lib/cmake/` directories.

Reviewer 2: Should we mention `$CONDA_PREFIX` here for clarity?
```suggestion
This will install the latest CCCL to the conda environment's `$CONDA_PREFIX/include/` and `$CONDA_PREFIX/lib/cmake/` directories.
```

Author: I debated this as well. I applied your suggestion, thanks!
